README.md, before:

# COMPOUND-Model
**_tbd._**

## Repository files
**_tbd._**

## Code of conduct
Everyone interacting in the Open Systems Pharmacology community (codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms, mailing lists etc...) is expected to follow the Open Systems Pharmacology [code of conduct](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct).

## Contribution
We encourage contribution to the Open Systems Pharmacology community. Before getting started please read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#ways-to-contribute). If you are contributing code, please be familiar with the [coding standard](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CODING_STANDARDS.md#visual-studio-settings).

## License
The model code is distributed under the [GPLv2 License](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/develop/LICENSE).

## References
[1] **_tbd._**

Commit message:

Initial upload of the model after cleanup (#2)
* Update README.md

* Add files via upload

* inital cleanup

* Update Ruxolitinib.json

README.md, after:

# Ruxolitinib-Model
Ruxolitinib PBPK

## Repository files
Within this repository we share a whole body PBPK model of Ruxolitinib to model drug-drug-interactions (DDI) via CYP3A4.

For a detailed documentation of model development, quantitative model evaluation and sensitivity analysis, please refer to [[1]](#references).

## Code of conduct
Everyone interacting in the Open Systems Pharmacology community (codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms, mailing lists etc...) is expected to follow the Open Systems Pharmacology [code of conduct](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct).

## Contribution
We encourage contribution to the Open Systems Pharmacology community. Before getting started please read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#ways-to-contribute). If you are contributing code, please be familiar with the [coding standard](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CODING_STANDARDS.md#visual-studio-settings).

## License
The model code is distributed under the [GPLv2 License](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/develop/LICENSE).

## References
[[1] Gerner, B.; Aghai-Trommelschlaeger, F.; Kraus, S.; Grigoleit, G.U.; Zimmermann, S.; Kurlbaum, M.; Klinker, H.; Isberner, N.; Scherf-Clavel, O. A Physiologically-Based Pharmacokinetic Model of Ruxolitinib and Posaconazole to Predict CYP3A4-Mediated Drug-Drug Interaction Frequently Observed in Graft versus Host Disease Patients *Pharmaceutics* **2022**, *14(12)*, 2556.](https://doi.org/10.3390/pharmaceutics14122556)
